# Input Files used for testing

All the files in this directory were either randomly generated or sourced from publicly available genomic data. Many of the files have been downsampled to make them a manageable size for storing in a Git repository (using `git-lfs`) and to enable quick test execution in our CI. For the most part, these files are not representative of any meaningful scientific data and should be considered as mocked data only suitable for the purpose of generic testing.

The following list is sorted alphabetically:

1scattered.interval_list
: Intervals for `chr1` and `chr2` (and one interval from `chr3`) derived from `wgs_calling_regions.hg38.interval_list`

201533520001_R01C01.beta_swan_norm_unfiltered.genomic.csv
: Individual beta values from `minfi` filtered to only probes with genomic coordinates.

201533520001_R03C01_Grn.idat
: Methylation data from an RMS patient tumor sourced from FFPE material. Signal from the "green" channel of the array.

201533520001_R03C01_Red.idat
: Methylation data from an RMS patient tumor sourced from FFPE material. Signal from the "red" channel of the array.

201533520001_R03C01.beta_swan_norm_unfiltered.genomic.csv
: Individual beta values from `minfi` filtered to only probes with genomic coordinates.

Aligned.sortedByCoord.chr9_chr22.bam
: Coordinate sorted BAM file with alignments on `chr9` and `chr22`. Generated with STAR and parameters suitable for `arriba` variant calling. Has a single read group with ID `rg1`.

Aligned.sortedByCoord.chr9_chr22.bam.bai
: BAM index for `Aligned.sortedByCoord.chr9_chr22.bam`.

chr1_chr19.interval_list
: Intervals for `chr1` (and one interval from `chr19`) derived from `wgs_calling_regions.hg38.interval_list`

combined_beta.csv
: Combined beta values from `minfi` for two patient samples.

filtered_beta.csv
: Beta values from `minfi` filtered to the top 10K most differentially methylated probes.

fusions.BCR_ABL1.tsv
: A single called fusion from `arriba`.

gencode.v31.chr9_chr22.gtf.gz
: Gencode v31 release GTF (or GFFv2) file, subsetted to only contain annotations for `chr9` and `chr22`. Gzipped.

gencode.v31.chrY_chrM.gene.bed
: A 3 column BED file containing (unlabelled) intervals of `gene` features from `gencode.v31.chrY_chrM.gtf.gz`. Generated by the `util.make_coverage_regions_bed` WDL task.

gencode.v31.chrY_chrM.genelengths.txt
: Unheadered 2 column TSV file containing genelengths with `gene_name` labels from `gencode.v31.chrY_chrM.gtf.gz`. Generated by the `util.calc_gene_lengths` WDL task.

gencode.v31.chrY_chrM.gtf.gz
: Gencode v31 release GTF (or GFFv2) file, subsetted to only contain annotations for `chrY` and `chrM`. Gzipped.

GRCh38.chr1_chr19.dict
: Sequence dictionary for GRCh38 reference containing `chr1` and `chr19` only

GRCh38.chr1_chr19.fa
: FASTA format GRCh38 reference containing `chr1` and `chr19` only

GRCh38.chr1_chr19.fa.fai
: FASTA index for GRCh38 reference containing `chr1` and `chr19` only

GRCh38.chr9_chr22.fa.gz
: FASTA format GRCh38 reference containing `chr9` and `chr22` only. Gzipped.

GRCh38.chrY_chrM.bwa_db.tar.gz
: BWA reference database built from `GRCh38.chrY_chrM.fa`

GRCh38.chrY_chrM.dict
: Sequence dictionary for GRCh38 reference containing `chrY` and `chrM` only

GRCh38.chrY_chrM.fa
: FASTA format GRCh38 reference containing `chrY` and `chrM` only

GRCh38.chrY_chrM.fa.fai
: FASTA index for GRCh38 reference containing `chrY` and `chrM` only

Homo_sapiens_assembly38.dbsnp138.top5000.vcf
: First 5000 records for hg38 from dbsnp version 138.

Homo_sapiens_assembly38.dbsnp138.top5000.vcf.idx
: Index file for `Homo_sapiens_assembly38.dbsnp138.top5000.vcf`

kraken2_C_elegans_library.tar.gz
: A Kraken "custom library" created from the C. elegans genome. This is an intermediate file that is not meant to be human readable. Generated by the `kraken2.create_library_from_fastas` WDL task.

kraken2_db.mini.tar.gz
: A mini Kraken database. Suitable for testing, but should **not** be used in production.

kraken2_taxonomy.tar.gz
: The NCBI taxonomy in a format ingestible by Kraken2 during the DB build step.

Mills_and_1000G_gold_standard.indels.hg38.vcf.gz
: Indel reference from GATK reference bundle: `gs://genomics-public-data/resources/broad/hg38/v0/Mills_and_1000G_gold_standard.indels.hg38.vcf.gz`

Mills_and_1000G_gold_standard.indels.hg38.vcf.gz.tbi
: Index file for indel reference file from GATK reference bundle: `gs://genomics-public-data/resources/broad/hg38/v0/Mills_and_1000G_gold_standard.indels.hg38.vcf.gz.tbi`

star_db.chrY_chrM.tar.gz
: STAR database containing only the GRCh38 `chrY` and `chrM` contigs.

test_R1.fq.gz
: 10,000 reads in FASTQ format. Can be used by itself to represent a Single-End sample or used with `test_R2.fq.gz` to represent a Paired-End sample.

test_R2.fq.gz
: 10,000 reads in FASTQ format. Can be used by itself to represent a Single-End sample or used with `test_R1.fq.gz` to represent a Paired-End sample.

test_rnaseq_variant.bam
: Subset of reads spanning the interval `chr1:16015740-16058682` from a fully aligned `HG002_GM24385_replicate1_totalRNAseq` sample. Generated with STAR and parameters suitable for `arriba` variant calling. One read group with ID `GM24385_replicate1` and 2,534 primary reads and 48 secondary reads (2582 reads in total).

test_rnaseq_variant.bam.bai
: BAM index corresponding to `test_rnaseq_variant.bam`.

test_rnaseq_variant.recal.txt
: GATK recalibration report for `test_rnaseq_variant.bam`

test.bam
: Coordinate sorted BAM with 2 read groups (IDs of `1` and `2`) and 633 total reads mapped to `chr1` and `chr19`.

test.bam.bai
: BAM index corresponding to `test.bam`.

test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.bam
: Coordinate sorted BAM with 1 read group (`ID:test`). Aligned using BWA `aln` (using the `bwa.bwa_aln_pe` WDL task). 20,000 Paired-End reads mapped to GRCh38 `chrY` and `chrM` from `test_R1.fq.gz` and `test_R2.fq.gz`.

test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.bam.bai
: BAM index corresponding to `test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.bam`.

test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.feature-counts.txt
: HTSeq Count output for `test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.bam`.

test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.readlength.txt
: `ngsderive readlen` output file for `test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.bam`. Used as input for `multiqc` test.

test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.TPM.txt
: Transcripts Per Million file generated by `htseq.calc_tpm` using `test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.feature-counts.txt` as input.

test.extra_RG.bam
: A duplicate of `test.bam` with an added `@RG` entry with the ID `no_match`. There are no reads corresponding to the `no_match` RG entry.

test.fa
: Truncated copies of `chr1`, `chr2`, and `chr3` from human reference genome v38.

test.SE.2_RGs.Aligned.out.bam
: Single-End BAM generated with STAR. There are two read groups, `rg1` and `rg2` which correspond to `test_R1.fq.gz` and `test_R1_copy.fq.gz`. Contains 20,000 reads mapped to the contigs `chrY` and `chrM`.

test.tar.gz
: A tarball with contents of `test_file_a` and `test_file_b` files.

test.unaccounted_read.bam
: A duplicate of `test.bam` with the last read in the file manually edited to have an `RG` tag of `no_match`. This RG tag is not present in the header.

test1.vcf.gz
: Single position VCF file

test1.vcf.gz.tbi
: Index file for `test1.vcf.gz`.

test2.bam
: BAM with records for `chrY` and `chrM` that was generated by alignment of `test_R1.fq.gz` and `test_R2.fq.gz` to `GRCh38.chrY_chrM.fa`

test2.vcf.gz
: Single position VCF file

test2.vcf.gz.tbi
: Index file for `test2.vcf.gz`.

umap.csv
: CSV with coordinates for a UMAP for methylation data from a cohort of samples.

wgs_calling_regions.hg38.interval_list
: WGS variant calling regions for GATK, sourced from GATK reference bundle for hg38: `https://storage.googleapis.com/genomics-public-data/resources/broad/hg38/v0/wgs_calling_regions.hg38.interval_list`
