# Input Files used for testing

All the files in this directory were either randomly generated or sourced from publicly available genomic data. Many of the files have been downsampled to make them a manageable size for storing in a Git repository (using `git-lfs`) and to enable quick test execution in our CI. For the most part, these files are not representative of any meaningful scientific data and should be considered as mocked data only suitable for the purpose of generic testing.

The following list is sorted alphabetically:

## Aligned.sortedByCoord.chr9_chr22.bam

Coordinate sorted BAM file with alignments on `chr9` and `chr22`. Generated with STAR and parameters suitable for `arriba` variant calling. Has a single read group with ID `rg1`. Has BCR-ABL fusion. Generated from `read1.fastq.gz` and `read2.fastq.gz` from `https://github.com/suhrig/arriba/tree/master/test`.

## Aligned.sortedByCoord.chr9_chr22.bam.bai

BAM index for `Aligned.sortedByCoord.chr9_chr22.bam`.

## test.PE.2_RGs.Aligned.out.sorted.bam

`random10k.r[1,2].fq.gz` and `test_R[1,2].fq.gz` aligned with STAR to `star_db.chrY_chrM.tar.gz` and then coordinate sorted.

## test_rnaseq_variant.bam

Subset of reads spanning the interval `chr1:16015740-16058682` from a fully aligned `HG002_GM24385_replicate1_totalRNAseq` sample. Generated with STAR and parameters suitable for `arriba` variant calling. One read group with ID `GM24385_replicate1` and 2,534 primary reads and 48 secondary reads (2582 reads in total).

## test_rnaseq_variant.bam.bai

BAM index corresponding to `test_rnaseq_variant.bam`.

## test.bam

Coordinate sorted BAM with 2 read groups (IDs of `1` and `2`) and 633 total reads mapped to `chr1` and `chr19`. Reused from `https://github.com/stjude/CICERO/tree/master/test/data/input`.

## test.bam.bai

BAM index corresponding to `test.bam`.

## test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.bam

Coordinate sorted BAM with 1 read group (`ID:test`). Aligned using BWA `aln` (using the `bwa.bwa_aln_pe` WDL task). 20,000 Paired-End reads mapped to GRCh38 `chrY` and `chrM` from `test_R1.fq.gz` and `test_R2.fq.gz`.

## test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.bam.bai

BAM index corresponding to `test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.bam`.

## test.extra_RG.bam

A duplicate of `test.bam` with an added `@RG` entry with the ID `no_match`. There are no reads corresponding to the `no_match` RG entry.

## test.unaccounted_read.bam

A duplicate of `test.bam` with the last read in the file manually edited to have an `RG` tag of `no_match`. This RG tag is not present in the header.

## test2.bam

BAM with records for `chrY` and `chrM` that was generated by alignment of `test_R1.fq.gz` and `test_R2.fq.gz` to `GRCh38.chrY_chrM.fa`
