# Input Files used for testing

All the files in this directory were either randomly generated or sourced from publicly available genomic data. Many of the files have been downsampled to make them a manageable size for storing in a Git repository (using `git-lfs`) and to enable quick test execution in our CI. For the most part, these files are not representative of any meaningful scientific data and should be considered as mocked data only suitable for the purpose of generic testing.

The following list is sorted alphabetically:

## gencode.v31.chr9_chr22.gtf.gz

Gencode v31 release GTF (or GFFv2) file, subsetted to only contain annotations for `chr9` and `chr22`. Gzipped.

## gencode.v31.chrY_chrM.gene.bed

A 3 column BED file containing (unlabelled) intervals of `gene` features from `gencode.v31.chrY_chrM.gtf.gz`. Generated by the `util.make_coverage_regions_bed` WDL task.

## gencode.v31.chrY_chrM.genelengths.txt

Unheadered 2 column TSV file containing genelengths with `gene_name` labels from `gencode.v31.chrY_chrM.gtf.gz`. Generated by the `util.calc_feature_lengths` WDL task.

## gencode.v31.chrY_chrM.gtf.gz

Gencode v31 release GTF (or GFFv2) file, subsetted to only contain annotations for `chrY` and `chrM`. Gzipped.

## GRCh38.chr1_chr19.dict

Sequence dictionary for GRCh38 reference containing `chr1` and `chr19` only

## GRCh38.chr1_chr19.fa

FASTA format GRCh38 reference containing `chr1` and `chr19` only

## GRCh38.chr1_chr19.fa.fai

FASTA index for GRCh38 reference containing `chr1` and `chr19` only

## GRCh38.chr9_chr22.fa.gz

FASTA format GRCh38 reference containing `chr9` and `chr22` only. Gzipped.

## GRCh38.chrY_chrM.bwa_db.tar.gz

BWA reference database built from `GRCh38.chrY_chrM.fa`

## GRCh38.chrY_chrM.dict

Sequence dictionary for GRCh38 reference containing `chrY` and `chrM` only

## GRCh38.chrY_chrM.fa

FASTA format GRCh38 reference containing `chrY` and `chrM` only

## GRCh38.chrY_chrM.fa.fai

FASTA index for GRCh38 reference containing `chrY` and `chrM` only

## Homo_sapiens_assembly38.dbsnp138.top5000.vcf

First 5000 records for hg38 from dbsnp version 138.

## Homo_sapiens_assembly38.dbsnp138.top5000.vcf.idx

Index file for `Homo_sapiens_assembly38.dbsnp138.top5000.vcf`

## kraken2_C_elegans_library.tar.gz

A Kraken "custom library" created from the C. elegans genome. This is an intermediate file that is not meant to be human readable. Generated by the `kraken2.create_library_from_fastas` WDL task.

## kraken2_db.mini.tar.gz

A mini Kraken database. Suitable for testing, but should **not** be used in production.

## kraken2_taxonomy.tar.gz

The NCBI taxonomy in a format ingestible by Kraken2 during the DB build step.

## Mills_and_1000G_gold_standard.indels.hg38.vcf.gz

Indel reference from GATK reference bundle: `gs://genomics-public-data/resources/broad/hg38/v0/Mills_and_1000G_gold_standard.indels.hg38.vcf.gz`

## Mills_and_1000G_gold_standard.indels.hg38.vcf.gz.tbi

Index file for indel reference file from GATK reference bundle: `gs://genomics-public-data/resources/broad/hg38/v0/Mills_and_1000G_gold_standard.indels.hg38.vcf.gz.tbi`

## star_db.chrY_chrM.tar.gz

STAR database containing only the GRCh38 `chrY` and `chrM` contigs.

## test.fa

Truncated copies of `chr1`, `chr2`, and `chr3` from human reference genome v38.
