# Input Files used for testing

All the files in this directory were either randomly generated or sourced from publicly available genomic data. Many of the files have been downsampled to make them a manageable size for storing in a Git repository (using `git-lfs`) and to enable quick test execution in our CI. For the most part, these files are not representative of any meaningful scientific data and should be considered as mocked data only suitable for the purpose of generic testing.

The following list is sorted alphabetically:

## 1scattered.interval_list

Intervals for `chr1` and `chr2` (and one interval from `chr3`) derived from `wgs_calling_regions.hg38.interval_list`

## 201533520001_R01C01.beta_swan_norm_unfiltered.genomic.csv

Individual beta values from `minfi` filtered to only probes with genomic coordinates.

## 201533520001_R03C01_Grn.idat

Methylation data from an RMS patient tumor sourced from FFPE material. Signal from the "green" channel of the array.

## 201533520001_R03C01_Red.idat

Methylation data from an RMS patient tumor sourced from FFPE material. Signal from the "red" channel of the array.

## 201533520001_R03C01.beta_swan_norm_unfiltered.genomic.csv

Individual beta values from `minfi` filtered to only probes with genomic coordinates.

## chr1_chr19.interval_list

Intervals for `chr1` (and one interval from `chr19`) derived from `wgs_calling_regions.hg38.interval_list`

## combined_beta.csv

Combined beta values from `minfi` for two patient samples.

## filtered_beta.csv

Beta values from `minfi` filtered to the top 10K most differentially methylated probes.

## fusions.BCR_ABL1.tsv

A single called fusion from `arriba`.

## test_rnaseq_variant.recal.txt

GATK recalibration report for `test_rnaseq_variant.bam`

## test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.feature-counts.txt

HTSeq Count output for `test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.bam`.

## test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.readlength.txt

`ngsderive readlen` output file for `test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.bam`. Used as input for `multiqc` test.

## test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.TPM.txt

Transcripts Per Million file generated by `htseq.calc_tpm` using `test.bwa_aln_pe.chrY_chrM.feature-counts.txt` as input.

## test.tar.gz

A tarball with contents of `test_file_a` and `test_file_b` files.

## umap.csv

CSV with coordinates for a UMAP for methylation data from a cohort of samples.

## wgs_calling_regions.hg38.interval_list

WGS variant calling regions for GATK, sourced from GATK reference bundle for hg38: `https://storage.googleapis.com/genomics-public-data/resources/broad/hg38/v0/wgs_calling_regions.hg38.interval_list`
